---
description: |
    API documentation for modules: data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment, data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_flow, data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_transaction_flow.

lang: en

classoption: oneside
geometry: margin=1in
papersize: a4

linkcolor: blue
links-as-notes: true
...



# Module `data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment` {#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment}





## Sub-modules

* [data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_flow](#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_flow)
* [data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_transaction_flow](#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_transaction_flow)







# Module `data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_flow` {#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_flow}







## Functions



### Function `fixed_terms_task` {#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_flow.fixed_terms_task}




>     def fixed_terms_task(
>         p_fixed_terms: pyspark.sql.dataframe.DataFrame
>     ) ‑> pyspark.sql.dataframe.DataFrame


Transforms and selects relevant columns from the input DataFrame for fixed terms.


Parameters
-----=
p_fixed_terms (DataFrame): DataFrame containing client and account information.


Returns
-----=
<code>DataFrame</code>
:   A new DataFrame with selected and transformed columns.




### Function `funds_task` {#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_flow.funds_task}




>     def funds_task(
>         p_funds: pyspark.sql.dataframe.DataFrame,
>         p_cols: list
>     ) ‑> pyspark.sql.dataframe.DataFrame


Transforms and selects relevant.


Parameters
-----=
p_funds (DataFrame): The input DataFrame containing fund-related data.
p_cols (dict): A dictionary mapping old column names to new column names.


Returns
-----=
<code>DataFrame</code>
:   A DataFrame with selected and transformed columns.




### Function `investment_flow` {#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_flow.investment_flow}




>     def investment_flow()


Load, process, and save customer investment account data in the data lake.

The flow performs the following operations:
1. Loads customers investment account raw data using the specified date range.
2. Cleans and processes the customers investment account data.
3. Saves the processed data to the appropriate environment using the
   specified overwrite strategy.


Returns
-----=
<code>None</code>
:   This flow does not return a value, but saves the processed


customers investment account data.





# Module `data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_transaction_flow` {#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_transaction_flow}







## Functions



### Function `investment_transaction_flow` {#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_transaction_flow.investment_transaction_flow}




>     def investment_transaction_flow()


Loads, processes, and saves data in datalake.
The flow performs the following operations:
1. Loads raw data using the specified date range.
2. Cleans and processes the all data.
3. Saves the processed data to the appropriate environment using the specified
overwrite strategy.

Returns
-----=
<code>None</code>
:   This flow does not return a value, but it saves the processed data.




### Function `investment_transaction_task` {#data_engineering.data_cleaning.src.investment.investment_transaction_flow.investment_transaction_task}




>     def investment_transaction_task(
>         p_investment: pyspark.sql.dataframe.DataFrame,
>         p_type_investment: str
>     ) ‑> pyspark.sql.dataframe.DataFrame


Prepares the funds DataFrame by renaming columns, selecting specific columns.


Args
-----=
**```p_investment```** :&ensp;<code>DataFrame</code>
:   The input DataFrame containing raw investment data.


**```p_type_investment```** :&ensp;<code>str</code>
:   The type of investment.



Returns
-----=
<code>DataFrame</code>
:   A DataFrame with renamed columns, selected fields.





-----
Generated by *pdoc* 0.11.6 (<https://pdoc3.github.io>).
